---
layout: post
title: "G Test"
date: 2003-03-31 22:53:00
comments: []
---

On my way to drive back to Toronto to drop off the old van I was lucky enough to run into the Rev as I was seeing Jenn out and asked if he wanted to come for the ride. Normally sane people usually refuse propositions like this, but Rev and I hadn't had a good, long conversation in a while and as luck would have it he accepted.

<!--more-->

The reason the van was up in the first place was due to the G driving test I had booked for that Thursday. For those of you who aren't familiar with the woes I've experience with the MTO, I failed my G2 driving test 3 times (got it on my fourth.) Fortunately, even though I sped and failed to completely stop at a stop sign as well as fuck-up my parallel parking, I still passed! Being the oh-so-efficient person I am, I also used the visit to update my license. Now I don't have to set foot into an MTO office until 2009! Hurrah.

Woke up at 8:30 (well, 8:40 <i>technically</i>) for my 9:50 appointment with Health Services only to have the doctor tell me to go to Hotel-Dieu Hospital and wait in a series of ER waiting rooms for the two hours. This was promptly followed by a five minute operation to have my unsightly neck cyst drained (yum.) I now have this maddeningly annoying gauss strapped to my neck that rips off every time I turn my head. To compensate, I have to turn my whole body like I'm freaking Frankenstein just to talk to someone. I hate it. Oh well, at least I don't look like Quasimodo anymore.

Pumpkin king out.
