---
layout: post
title: "McGill Justice"
date: 2003-06-06 02:25:00
---
Hmmm... today was mighty uneventful.  Well, not completely.  I had my father (the lawyer) look over my contract with Digital Ideas, Inc. today to see if it was nice and kosher.  It was except for a few paragraphs which I promptly changed and fired back to Wayne.  Other than that, I did about two point five hours of programming, fired that off to David and that essentially highlights my day... or does it?

<!--more-->

I woke up at 7:15 this morning for no reason.  I just bolted awake and looked at the clock.  I had no idea why.  It kind of creeped me out.  But that's not what this story is about.  It's about those fucking pricks at McGill.  After I get up at my usual time at 11 PM, I go and eat and get dressed and whatnot and am chilling in the basement with my sister while she tries to get all her shit sorted out with the university.  So she has to call the always courteous and helpful people at McGill's Faculty of Arts and Science to get them to fax a Letter of Permission to U of T so she can take a summer course there.  Well, as luck would have it, the person who she was corresponding with decided to take Thursday and Friday off.  Lucky her.  What this person did decide to do was write her an e-mail saying she could still have it faxed by someone else in the office.  Good, not so bad after all.  So she calls to office, explains her situation and the conversation goes as follows:
McGill Bitch: Who was helping you? (annoyed tone)
Lia (my sister): Jody (I forgot the real name)
MB:  Well Jody's not in today. 
L:  I know, but she sent me this e-mail.
MB:  What'd it say?
L:  That one of you could do it for her.
MB:  Well I can't just go into her office and ruffle about her things.
L:  But this e-mail says that you--
MB:  Look, I can't just go rummaging around her things, I'm sorry, you'll just have to be patient and wait until Monday.
(The deadline for the course application was in April, she's fricking two months late because McGill took sixty years to get her marks back.)
L:  *nearly in tears from dealing with these fucktards for the last three weeks* OK.
*click*
*Lia leaves room in tears*
*Cameron gets angry, grabs phone and presses redial*
MB:  Faculty of Arts and Science.
Cameron:  Hello, my sister just called and asked you to fax something for her.
MB:  Sir, can I--
C:  NO, listen to ME, she <i>can't wait until Monday, she's already late and she needs it sent <b>today</b></i>!
MB:  Why doesn't she talk on the phone?
C:  She JUST WAS, but you made her <i>fucking cry</i>.
MB:  Excuse me sir?  I'm going to have to put you on hold until you can show some respect.
C:  Show some respect?  Why don't you guys show her some respect?
MB:  *puts me on hold*
New McGill Bitch:  Sir?  Can you put your sister on the line?
C:  Are you going to help her now?
NMB:  We'll see what we can do.
C:  Good, one second.
NMB:  (mutters something about crying under her breath)
C:  What's that?  Excuse me, what did you say?
NMB:  (remains silent)
C:  (waits a second, then decides to give phone to sister)

The rest of the story isn't all the interesting.  Ah, I'm tried from all this typing.  Off to read <i>Endymion</i> By Dan Simmons... great book.