---
layout: post
title: "Gifts"
date: 2004-01-11 00:42:00
---

This one is short. I recently wrote my not very well liked ex-girlfriend Kathryn a rather neutral e-mail asking for some books back that I lent her.

<!--more-->

For the record:

<blockquote>Kathryn,

I understand if you don't want to talk to me anymore, but I would like my Java textbook and Sophie's World back.

How would you like to do this? I can come by your place or you can drop them off here. I'm fine either way.

Cameron</blockquote>

I must stress that I lent her the Java textbook for a class to SAVE HER MONEY and the other book in a failed attempt to enlighten her. Irregardless, her response was the following:

<blockquote>Ok,

I will return your Java text and Sophie's World but I would like to have my black and white picture back. It is my favourite picture and since I don't have a dark room, it is my only copy.

Let me know when is best for you,

Kathryn</blockquote>

Hmmmm... her black and white picture. Oh, right, now I remember that. Her fucking Chirstmas present to me. That's right. She wants back a PRESENT SHE GAVE ME. Naturally, my response was a little less neutral.

<blockquote>I see.  Apparently I wasn't aware that christmas presents were contingent on successful relationships.  But I digress.  It appears that you feel you should get something in return for something I lent you, and since I prefer those books, I will give your black and white picture back. Unfortunately you will to wait a bit, as it is in Toronto and I will need it shipped here.

I will write you when I receive it.

Cameron</blockquote>

I'm utterly flabbergasted. I mean, who asks for a Christmas present back? Apparently my gift etiquette-challenged ex-girlfriend.

That about wraps it up.
