---
layout: post
title: "The Future"
date: 2005-06-08 01:00:00
---

The future. Ah, the future. We're always looking towards it, sometimes with dread, sometimes with anticipation, sometimes not for long. But we all have one, and many times we influence the future of others. And it seems every once and a while I have to give it more than the usual passing thought. What is in the future for me? What am I really going to be doing exactly a year from now? Will I be in a good mood? Will I be in a relationship? Will all the significant people in my life be alive? Will I have new friends?

But nothing is certain, right? Well, not really. I mean, there are some certainties. Like death and taxes, hahahaha. No, but honestly, by the very statement that "nothing is certain" is giving a certainty. That is, that we are certain that nothing is certain. So then something is certain. Thus, if the statement is true, then it is false. Kind of like "this statement is false." However, can't you get around that problem by just saying "nothing is certain except this statement." Is that cool? Is some logician, somewhere, bashing his head off his desk in frustration? I certainly hope so.

So, I've finally heard from all the graduate schools. The offers, in order of goodness, go Queen's, UVic, Dal. Queen's offered me a spot, along with guaranteed funding. However, I just finished a degree at Queen's and not really keen on going back. At UVic I'd have to work with the professor I corresponded with and get no funding, but could make around $6000 a term TAing and live across the country. Dal accepted me, but for the program I didn't want. An Applied Masters. In essence, it's like a technical MBA. Why would they do that, when I applied for a research masters? According to their graduate school secretary, the "committee" decided I would be better suited for it. Well, you know what the "committee" can do? Evaluate more applications. Ohhhhh!

Oh well, that's it for now.
