---
layout: post
title: "Cottage"
date: 2005-06-19 20:55:00
---

Just got back from the cottage about an hour and a half ago. Good times, though the weather could've been better. This Wednesday Greg, Farron, Alex (maybe?) and I are heading out east for Canada Day to party. Somehow in the middle of all this I have to get some work done. However, I'm not feeling particularly motivated today, probably because of the substance abuse this weekend.

<!--more-->

While scanning <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org" title="Wikipedia">Wikipedia</a> today I happened to come across the entry on <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Tyson" title="Mike Tyson">Mike Tyson</a>. Like many people I've assumed the guy is a maniac and rapist (which he is.) However, I also assumed the guy was completely vacant. Untrue. There are few interesting (non-violent) quotes on his Wikiquote page (<a href="http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Mike_Tyson" title="Mike Tyson Quotes">link</a>.) In particular I was interested by:

<blockquote>"I'm the most irresponsible person in the world. The reason I'm like that is because, at 21, you all gave me $50 or $100 million, and I didn't know what to do. I'm from the ghetto. I don't know how to act. One day I'm in a dope house robbing somebody. The next thing I know, 'You're the heavyweight champion of the world.' ... Who am I? What am I? I don't even know who I am. I'm just a dumb child. I'm being abused. I'm being robbed by lawyers. I think I have more money than I do. I'm just a dumb pugnacious fool. I'm just a fool who thinks I'm someone. And you tell me I should be responsible?"</blockquote>
Also, more recently, we have:
<blockquote>"You're smart too late and old too soon, I just got caught up in that suction cup. I feel like Rip Van Winkle right now."</blockquote>
How ever much I feel like saying "poor guy", he *is* a rapist and extremely violent man.  I wonder what he would've been like if he hadn't had such a fucked up upbringing.  I guess you could say that about pretty much all messed up people who had rough childhoods.

Moving on, there is something I would like to gripe about. It's music. Don't get me wrong, I love music, but why do people _need_ to be listening to it _all_ the time. I've noticed this with everybody. No one seems to appreciate silence anymore. Why do we need to be listening to someone sing or play all the time? Can't we be alone with our thoughts anymore? People listen to music in their cars, walking down the street, in their rooms, on their patios. There's no stop. I can't handle it. I need time to think, and I can't think properly if music is constantly playing.

What I'm curious about, is why people need it? Obviously, off the bat, we can theorize they like it. And I don't argue that they probably do. However, I think that the reason people like it sometimes if because it frees them up from having to devote their mind to thinking. When a song is playing and you're kind of humming along to it or tapping to it, you devoting some of your mind to that. It's like a computer sitting around idle, and instead of running just the "introspection" program, you decide to run "listen to music" program as well. I know, I know, you can think while you listen to music. I just think that thinking without music is a different experience.

Just my 2 centeroos.
